1. Define required constant:
   1. Define an object that starts with “null” that will represent our cards.


2. Define required variables used to track state of game:
   1. Use a board array to represent the cards
   2. Use a play button variable to determine when the game is in play.
   3. Use a reset button variable to determine when to “reset” the board state
   4. Use a attempts variable to see if the user has won the game within allowed amount of attempts
   5. Use a winner variable to check to see if the user has won the game


3. Store elements on the page that will be accessed in the code more than once in variables to practice DRY (Do Not Repeat Yourself) coding practice.


4. Uploading of the application:
   1. Initialize state variables
   2. “Reset” the board state by setting the attempts variable to 0 and populating the card array with the “cards”
   3. Initialize the winner variable to null to represent the game is in play and there is no winner. The winner variable will hold a value of 1 that will determine if there is a winner. If there is no winner
   4. Render the state variables to the page
   5. Render the board
   6. Loop through the array populating the board with cards
   
5. Render a message:
   1. If the winner variable does not have the winning value then the game is still in play thus do not display anything
   2. If the winner variable does contain the “winning” value then render the winner message

6. Handle the user clicking a card:
   1. Obtain the index of the card that was clicked
   2. Update the attempts variable and check it to see if the user has “won” the game
   3. Take the index and assign it to an id to iterate through a loop
   4. Check and compare both cards that were clicked to determine if there is a match
   5. Look at the board to determine if there is a winner by looking at the board and the attempts variable
   6. If there is a winner then display the a message to the user and display the reset button

7. Handle the player hitting the reset button:
   1. Go back and begin at Step 4 to “reset” the board state.